Update programs-and-data.md (#2660)
enkidevs/curriculum: coding-intro/coding-intro-core/core-concepts/programs-and-data.md

category: must-know

links:
  - >-

>     [PB & J Sandwitch](youtube.com/watch?v=Ct-lOOUqmyY){website}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [PB & J Sandwitch](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Ct-lOOUqmyY){website}
```

>     [EXACT Instructions Challenge](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Ct-lOOUqmyY){website}

Reviewer 2: let's make the tag `video`

```suggestion
    [EXACT Instructions Challenge](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Ct-lOOUqmyY){video}
```

we can also say `'Exact'`. it looks better imo but it's up to you if you want to keep it as `'EXACT'`

```suggestion
    [Exact Instructions Challenge](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Ct-lOOUqmyY){video}
```

links:
  - >-

>     [EXACT instructions Challenge](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Ct-lOOUqmyY){website}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [EXACT Instructions Challenge](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Ct-lOOUqmyY){website}
```

Even though they're super fast, computers are annoyingly literal - you have to spell out everything for them. 

> > Check out the *Learn more* section for a realistic (and funny) example of this 🤓

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> 💡 Check out the *Learn more* section for a realistic (and funny) example of this 🤓
```

> > Check out the *Learn more* section to see two kids writing instructions to their programmer dad on how to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check out the *Learn more* section for a realistic (and funny) example of this 🤓
```
